Replace bintray repository (#2151)
epiphany-platform/epiphany: core/src/epicli/data/common/ansible/playbooks/roles/repository/files/download-requirements/centos-7/requirements.txt

kubernetes-cni-0.8.6-0

[files]

> # Github repository for erlang rpm is used since packagecloud repository is limited to a certain number of packages and erlang package from erlang-solution repository is much more complex and bigger

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Github repository for erlang rpm is used since packagecloud repository is limited to a certain number of versions and erlang package from erlang-solutions repository is much more complex and bigger
```
